Micah was drawn into the world of coding through a class during  Junior year of high school.  In a new school and not sure of electives the counselor placed Micah in a new program for computer programming.  During this course Micah became intriqued by the possibilities that coding brings to the table.  The endless joy and fun in the gaming realm made possible by coding and the desire to figure that out brought Micah to CodeUp. Micah firmly believes the ability to communicate and ask for help when necessary it will be a great asset during this pursuit. Admittedly  distractions and a loss of focus can arrise when things get bogged down.  Micahs elective coding courses during the high school years provides a good foot into the door of coding and while not much else has really prepared Micah for this venture, Micah is committed to the field. Micahs dream job would be remote developer working on projects to help bring people together in a method that is super convenient, easy obtained and widely adopted. Outside of the internet itself Micah isn't sure what technologies are truly interesting.  Micah likes to puruse social media to obtain tech news. Frequent visits to Twitter and Youtube with the occasional visit  to Instagram and local public news networks keep Micah abreast of the latest techy news.   


What draws you into coding and web development:
Coding class in high school peaked interest. Created a desire to figure out how it all worked. Coding/Programming was a pathway for lots of fun.

Greatest Strength/Weakness:
ability to communicate, not afraid to ask for help
Prone to distraction when things get bogged down

How has background helped?
The coding classes helped get foot into the door. Nothing else really prepped for web developement. But the interest is strong

Dream Job:
Remote work/ would like to work on another platform geared for social networking to help bring people together

What technologies:

Not really sure, the whole web is interesting

Online resources:
Some twitter and Youtube, little bit of Instagram and local news networks


